---
title: "Denarius v3.3.9.6"
date: 2020-03-04T23:10:12-08:00
---
sudo apt install libcurl4-openssl-dev is now required as a dep for compiling Denarius QT or denariusd
Jupiter Release!
Denarius now utilizes libcurl (libcurl4-openssl-dev) and the IPFS C++ Library (Included with the repo src/ipfs) to connect through an IPFS gateway to upload files and other in space shenanigans. Currently uses Infura.io for API, options will be coming soon for using a localhost IPFS gateway and more.
Jupiter Tab in the Denarius QT (Upload your files straight into space)
Jupiter RPC Commands: jupiterversion & jupiterupload <filelocation>
Small improvements and fixes
More coming next release
As always, Snap will automatically update you to Denarius v3.3.9.6 once it is fully published. Please give it a few hours from this announcement of the release.

Denarius.v3.3.9.6-Win64.zip Hash

SHA256: 6D8ACABE1E5B1B1C20978B06F80861B498C03F97B698D299EDA6E6CB2A517585
SHA1: B2F00086A0F6030EF91B9C2711820D8BE733A869
CRC64: 9F3891A2A90877C7
Denarius.exe Hash

SHA256: 36BBD54FD29D5402BFD7507B5BD94C817A7320DC7475DF7A28E8F276A3A3353D
SHA1: D9EBD6DE92BC7DB8E8B466AC516ACF9981EAE3FC
CRC64: F04EB9E45CC18BE5
Denarius-v3.3.9.6-macOS.dmg Hash

Previous Release v3.3.9.5:
-Experimental Thin Mode now in action, not yet ready for primetime, a WIP
-Full Node optimizations and debug log cleanup
-New getinfo data returned such as datadir, node type, etc.
-More information about Thin mode coming soon.

-As of Denarius v3.3.9.4 we are now introducing Snapcraft builds. Snap will now auto build upon commits to our master branch. Snap enables you to now easily install denarius (Denarius QT) and denariusd (denarius daemon) on most Linux distributions easily and quickly. Simply install Denarius from the Snap Store or run the commands below:

Denarius Snap Store: https://snapcraft.io/denarius

sudo apt-get install snap
sudo snap install denarius

After installing you can now run Denarius QT with the command denarius or denariusd with denarius.daemon

-Fixed the masternode status rpc command
-Added dialog to QT while backing up wallet
-IsSelectableSocket() function was added
-Added getblockchaininfo rpc command and refactored some rpc
-Updated getblock rpc to include chainwork
-Added -zapwallettxes flag upon startup (clears wallet transactions and then rescans the chain)
-Added Denarii as a unit option inside of the QT

reference: https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/releases/tag/v3.3.9.6
